doc(keyring) reorder the structure, mention new options for Data Plane (#4097)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: src/gateway/plan-and-deploy/security/db-encryption.md

$ openssl rsa -in key.pem -pubout -out cert.pem
```

> This key pair will be provided to Kong in order to faciliate recovering, exporting and re-importing the keyring. The public `cert.pem` and private `key.pem` should be stored securely in accordance with your existing secrets management policies. Details on secure storage of RSA key pairs is outside the scope of this documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This key pair will be provided to Kong in order to facilitate recovering, exporting, and re-importing the keyring. The public `cert.pem` and private `key.pem` should be stored securely in accordance with your existing secrets management policies. Details on secure storage of RSA key pairs are outside the scope of this documentation.
```

```
keyring_enabled = on
keyring_strategy = cluster
keyring_recovery_public_key = /path/to/generated/cert.pem
```

Or via environmental variables:

```
export KONG_KEYRING_ENABLED=on
export KONG_KEYRING_STRATEGY=cluster
export KONG_KEYRING_RECOVERY_PUBLIC_KEY=/path/to/generated/cert.pem
```

All nodes in the Kong cluster should share the same `keyring_enabled` and `keyring_strategy` configuration values.

> The generated private key `key.pem` is not required in Kong configuration and is not required to start Kong; please refer to [Disaster recovery](#disaster-recovery) for more information on how to use private keys in keyring management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generated private key `key.pem` is not required to configure Kong, or to start Kong. Please refer to the [disaster recovery](#disaster-recovery) section for more information on how to use private keys in keyring management.
```

When the Kong node restarts, it sends a broadcast request for the keyring, but as no other nodes are present in the cluster (or no other nodes had the keyring available), Kong is unable to decrypt the `password` field on the credential. Because Kong has an eventually-consistent clustering model, it makes several attempts to request the keyring and allows for delays in hearing responses from another cluster node; thus, the request takes several seconds to complete before finally failing.

## Disaster Recovery

> `cluster` strategy supports the two disaster recovery strategies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cluster` strategy supports two disaster recovery strategies.
```

### Automatic backup and manual recovery

> To use automatic backup of keyring materials, one need to configure `keyring_recovery_public_key`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use automatic backups for keyring materials, configure `keyring_recovery_public_key`:
```

```
keyring_recovery_public_key = /path/to/generated/cert.pem
```

Or via environmental variables:

```
export KONG_KEYRING_RECOVERY_PUBLIC_KEY=/path/to/generated/cert.pem
```

#### Recover the Keyring

> The keyring material is then encrypted with the public RSA key defined via the `keyring_recovery_public_key`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The keyring material is then encrypted with the public RSA key defined with the `keyring_recovery_public_key`
```

> Kong configuration value in the database. The corresponding private key can be used to decrypt the Keyring material in the database:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kong configuration value in the database. The corresponding private key can be used to decrypt the keyring material in the database:
```

```bash
$ curl -X POST localhost:8001/keyring/recover -F recovery_private_key=@/path/to/generated/key.pem
{
  "message": "successfully recovered 1 keys",
    "recovered": [
        "RfsDJ2Ol"
    ],
    "not_recovered": [
        "xSD219lH"
    ]
}
```

> The response contains a list of keys that were successfully recovered and that could not be recovered. Kong error log will contain the detailed reason on why those keys could not be recovered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response contains a list of keys that were successfully recovered and that could not be recovered. The Kong error log will contain the detailed reason why the keys could not be recovered.
```

### Manual export and manual import

**Use of this method is deprecated in Kong 3.0 and will be removed in a future release.**

```
keyring_public_key = /path/to/generated/cert.pem
keyring_private_key = /path/to/generated/key.pem
```

Or via environmental variables:

```
export KONG_KEYRING_PUBLIC_KEY=/path/to/generated/cert.pem
export KONG_KEYRING_PRIVATE_KEY=/path/to/generated/key.pem
```

Not every node needs to be provided the management RSA key pair, as that key pair is only used for backup and recovery processes. It does not need to be present for regular database read/write operations.

> Note that the user under which Kong worker processes run must have read access to the public and private keys in order to be able to perform keyring export and import operations. This user is defined by the `nginx_user` Kong configuration option. We recommend restricting access to these files as tightly as possible. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user that the Kong worker process is running under must have read access to the public and private keys in order to be able to import and export keyrings. This user is defined with the `nginx_user` Kong configuration option. We recommend restricting access to these files, for example:
```

```bash
$ chown <nginx_user>:<nginx_user> /path/to/generated/cert.pem /path/to/generated/key.pem
$ chmod 400 /path/to/generated/cert.pem /path/to/generated/key.pem
```

> When testing, you can also set `keyring_blob_path` in kong.conf or `KONG_KEYRING_BLOB_PATH`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When testing, you can set `keyring_blob_path` in kong.conf or `KONG_KEYRING_BLOB_PATH`
```

using environmental variables to specify a path to dump known keys. The dumped keys are
encrypted with the public RSA key defined in the `keyring_public_key` Kong configuration
value, and are automatically loaded during Kong start.

#### Export the Keyring

> Before going further, export the keyring. The exported material can be re-imported to the cluster in the event of an outage, or to restore a previously-deleted key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Export the keyring. The exported material can be re-imported to the cluster in the event of an outage or to restore a previously-deleted key:
```

```bash
$ curl -XPOST -s localhost:8001/keyring/export | jq
{
  "data": "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"
}

```

> The response generated is an opaque blob containing the keyring, encrypted with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response generated is an opaque blob containing the keyring. This blob is encrypted with
```

> a randomly-generated symmetric key. This random key is encrypted with the public

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a randomly-generated symmetric key, which is encrypted with the public
```
